README.md, before:

# Steam Spam Caller
A simple Steam spam caller to annoy people.

We don't suggest calling people through the Steam overlay.

## Usage

### File
By default, it is recommended to use `Enter Key.ahk`. This file uses the Enter key to call the user, so the chat window can be placed anywhere on the screen.

There have been cases where the Enter key does not initiate a Steam call for some users. If this is the case for you, then you can use `Mouse Movements.ahk`. This version moves the mouse to press the "Start Voice Chat" button. Move the chat window to the top-left of your screen before beginning the program.

### Controls
To start the program use `CTRL+J`. The user will be called every 1.001 seconds, because Steam doesn't allow faster ringing.

To stop the program press `CTRL+J` again.

To exit the script press `esc`. It will stop the AutoHotkey file from running in your system tray.

## Customization
The start hotkey can be edited to be any key. The `^` is the `CTRL` and the `j` is the `J` key. You can change it to whatever you desire.

Commit message:

Updated small details
We originally stated that the script can be stopped, which coincidingly means that it can be resumed, that is not the case- by pressing either the Escape key or the CTRL+J it eradicates the script from your system tray.

README.md, after:

# Steam Spam Caller
A simple Steam spam caller to annoy people.

We don't suggest calling people through the Steam overlay.

## Usage

### File
By default, it is recommended to use `Enter Key.ahk`. This file uses the Enter key to call the user, so the chat window can be placed anywhere on the screen.

There have been cases where the Enter key does not initiate a Steam call for some users. If this is the case for you, then you can use `Mouse Movements.ahk`. This version moves the mouse to press the "Start Voice Chat" button. Move the chat window to the top-left of your screen before beginning the program.

### Controls
To start the program use `CTRL+J`. The user will be called every 1.001 seconds, because Steam doesn't allow faster ringing.

To exit the script, you may either press `CTRL+J` or `esc`, there is no pausing functionality.

## Customization
The start hotkey can be edited to be any key. The `^` is the `CTRL` and the `j` is the `J` key. You can change it to whatever you desire.
